- ♪
- Well, looks like
that's where we're going.
- [magic tings]
- ♪
- Huh?
Hello?
Is anyone there?
I'm here for
guardian's training.
Wait! No, don't close up shop!
I'm supposed to be inside!
- [liquid gurgling]
- Help!
Let me outta here!
Help!
- [liquid gurgling]
- Go, Hexie, go!
- [magic zapping]
- No, Hexie, no!
Hang on tight, Hex.
- [liquid gurgling]
- [magic zapping]
- Uh...
[gasps]
Kanay Cooling Spray.
I've wanted to use
this for frozen yogurt.
I hope this works.
[spritzing]
Yes!
- ♪
- [explosion]
- A newcomer, I suppose?
- Oh, am I that obvious?
I'm Andi Cruz.
- Miss Jaycee.
You must have triggered
the security system.
Strange--it's supposed
to keep only non-witches
from entering the Academy.
- Well, you've got yourself
a heck of a security system,
'cause I'm no witch.
- Sorry?
Oh, you're the human
Guardian-in-training.
Well, it's none
of my concern.
I'm no longer
the headmaster.
They wanted to bring
in some new blood.
Apparently, I wasn't
strict enough.
- Well, that bun
you're rocking
seems pretty strict to me.
- Well, good luck
with your training.
You're going to need it.
Welcome to the
Magic Realm, Andi Cruz.
- ♪
- [magic zapping]
- ANDI: Wow.
- ♪
♪ It must be magic ♪
♪ It's happenin' ♪
♪ Some crazy things ♪
♪ I can't do this
without you ♪
♪ Just keep your
W.I.T.S. about you ♪
♪ It must be magic ♪
♪ Look what we're
doing here ♪
♪ There's something
brewing here ♪
♪ It must be magic ♪
♪ We got that spirit here ♪
♪ We'll never disappear ♪
♪ It must be ♪
♪ It must be magic ♪♪
- Andrea Futura Doctora Cruz?
- Yep, but my friends
call me Andi.
- Welcome to
the WITS Academy, Andrea.
You're late.
- Yeah, well, let's just say
I had a bit of trouble
getting in here.
- Well, we're all
excited to have you.
- Me, too! I can't
believe I'm a Guardian.
- In-training.
Speaking of your education.
Check your phone in
at the tech kiosk
to upload your syllabus
and our rule book.
I suggest you study both.
- Oh, well, where's
the tech kiosk?
- Yo, watch out!
Coming through!
- No magic in the atrium!
- Well, you go, kid.
Don't let him get you.
Oh? Well, he got him.
Sick kick flip, though.
- Oh, I'm so excited
about the new school year.
New classes, new teachers.
- New backpack.
Hang on, did you have your mom
do a fashion spell for you?
- You know me so well.
- One of my many powers.
Actually, my only power.
Oh!
- Oh! Sorry about that.
- Watch where you're going.
- I would, but I don't
know where I'm going.
Can you help me out?
- Talk to her.
I have to get to my dorm
before my roommate
gets her greasy tools
all over my stuff.
She makes her own
Guardian gear.
- So do I.
- Maybe you should
move in with her.
I'll see you at the new
headmaster's inaugural address.
- I actually just met
the old headmaster.
She had a weird face, though,
like kinda creepy--
like she just
swallowed a lemon.
Exactly! Just like that.
Great impression.
- That's not an impression.
- Oh.
- ♪
- Let me guess.
You're looking
for the tech kiosk?
- Whoa, are you some kind of
mind-reading mutant witch?
- I am a witch.
But no powers, sorry.
- Then you're
a Guardian, like me.
- The kiosk is over there.
- Thanks.
- ♪
- [sighing]
Some dude told me
to bring my phone here--
looks 16, acted 60.
- Cameron.
He's our student prefect.
Don't get on his bad side.
- He has a good side?
- [powers zapping]
- All right, you can text
family and friends,
but not people
in the Academy.
They want them to focus
on their studies.
- Oh, got it.
Hey, you recharged
my battery. Sweet.
- Is this a dojo or a dorm room,
'cause I'm cool with either one.
- BOTH: It's you!
You're my roomie?
Awesome!
- Okay, we'd better
stop that
or it's gonna be a very
awkward school year.
- How about we start
with our names?
- I'm Andi.
- Hi, I'm Samantha.
Nice to meet you.
- You know, you kind of remind
me of a friend back home.
You're not into scrapbooks
and butterflies, are you?
- No. [laughs]
I'm all into
the yin and the yang,
you know, two opposite sides
that combine to make a whole--
like day and night,
or the Human World
and the Magic Realm or--
- Spaghetti and meatballs.
Rice and beans.
Pork chops and apple sauce.
- Yeah, sort of.
So, what are you into?
- Oh, you know,
just the usual stuff--
zombies, video games,
shark riding.
- Attention, students!
All students assemble
in the atrium, promptly,
and punctually.
- Aggie?
Oh, don't tell me that
pompous pain-in-the-neck
is one of our teachers.
- Um, no. He is
our new headmaster.
And this is
a two-way monitor.
- Meaning?
- Meaning that during
regular school hours,
I can hear you...
and see you.
- I'm sorry, this
seat is taken.
- Yeah, by me.
- Oh, really? Because
I don't see your name on it.
- Oh, well, I don't
see your butt on it.
- Cute and feisty.
I like it.
- Who are you
calling cute?
- SAMANTHA:
[laughing quietly]
- AGAMEMNON ANNOUNCING:
Attention, students!
Welcome, students,
to your second year
at the WITS Academy.
- Second year?
I just got here.
- Then I guess you're
already one year behind.
- I've decided to
put each Guardian
in charge of a witch and wizard
to assist in their training.
- Can you believe this?
We have to babysit.
- I know, but it
could be fun.
- I used to take
care of these kids
called "The Terrible Three."
I've totally got this.
- What's your name,
new girl?
- Andi, Ruby--Ruby, Andi.
- ♪
- The Guardians will
meet their witches
and wizards-in-training
in my office.
Check your phones for
the appointment schedule.
- Oh, look at that.
I'm up in five.
- ♪
- Whoa, is that a tri-phase,
micro-optics energy
spell booster?
- Oh, how could I forget?
You're gaga over
all this gadgetry.
- You know, there's still some
room in my Guardian's belt
for any one
of those beauties.
- Guardian gear must be earned.
[snaps fingers]
- [locks clicking]
- So, Ms. Cruz, are you
excited to have a pompous
pain-in-the-neck like
myself as your headmaster?
- Oh, two-way monitor.
[laughing]
I was just messin' with ya.
You know, pompous pain-in-
the-neck is a good thing,
like "that's sick"
or "so dope."
- The last person who
was messing with me
was your friend,
Mr. Novoa,
and we both know I made his
life delightfully miserable.
- Hey, leave my brother
out of this.
- Jessie?
- Hi, Andi.
- I almost forgot
you enrolled here.
I like to block scary
thoughts from my mind.
[laughing]
Man, the poor Guardian
who's gonna be
in charge of you.
[laughing]
- [chuckles]
- Wait! I'm the Guardian
in charge of her?
- She's my Guardian?
No way.
- Amusing, isn't it?
- Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha.
- Yes, well,
it certainly is to me.
- How about I trade her?
- Yeah, and I'll trade her.
- Wait, you can't trade me.
- Well, you can't trade me.
- No one is trading anyone.
- JESSIE & ANDI: Good.
- Wait! Not good.
- Now that we've
sorted that out,
I'd like to introduce you to
Ben, your other student.
Ben, say hello
to your Guardian.
- Hello, Guardian Andi.
- I wish Jax was here.
- You're the sister
of the guy
who goes out with
the Chosen One?
- I also have a name.
- I hear your brother
was so much trouble,
he didn't even graduate.
- Hey, take that back!
- Fine, he was
so much trouble,
they kicked him out
of the Academy.
Ha! That's all
you've got, Novoa?
- This girl's as cold
as a blizzard,
I think she'd like a lizard.
- [screaming]
- Your pillow now has scales.
Watch out for these tails.
- [powers zapping]
- Get it off me!
- [mini pig oinking]
- Look. It's so cute.
- [powers zapping]
- [mini pig squealing]
- I will not take part
in such childish behavior.
- [powers zapping]
- ♪
- [knocking on door]
Lights out!
[gasping]
- ♪
- [sighing]
- SAMANTHA:
Rough first day?
- Let's see--the headmaster
has it in for me.
One of my students
hates me.
The other one
is scared of me.
And that Ruby girl is giving
me the third degree.
Nothing I can't handle.
- Ruby's my best friend.
She's the first witch
in her family
who was born without powers.
I guess it really bothers her.
- So? I'm not even a witch.
- You're not?
Wait, so, if you graduate,
you'd be the first non-witch
Guardian ever?
That's cool.
- I'm workin' on it.
- Goodnight, Andi.
- AGAMEMNON ANNOUNCING:
Attention, students!
Wakey! Wakey, sleepyheads.
All students assemble
in the atrium
for your first assignment.
- ♪
- First assignment!
Totally ready to go!
- Is he always this hyper?
- Yeah, don't give him
any soda--he'll explode.
- Cameron, is everyone
in attendance?
- Yes, Headmaster Agamemnon.
- AGAMEMNON ANNOUNCING:
Attention, students,
future protectors
of the Realm.
Your first assignment
will not only test
the knowledge you gained
during the last year...
- Knowledge? What knowledge?
- Guardians, you must assist
our young students
in deciphering and performing
different spells.
But not just any spells.
Spells that originate from
the First Era of the Realm.
- What is that all about?
- I don't know and I'm not
sure I want to find out.
- Teams get points
based on the accuracy
and execution
of their spell.
- It's just a scoreboard.
Nothing to be worried about.
- And just to make things
a wee bit more interesting--
the team with the lowest
points will be expelled.
- Okay, so now there may
be something to worry about.
- He can't do that.
That's totally cruel.
- It's Aggie.
It's what he does.
- At the end of
the semester,
the team at the top
of the board
will double their points
for the next term,
while the team at the bottom
will have all their
points revoked.
Upon graduation,
members of the top team
will get to choose
their individual assignments,
while the team at the bottom
will get no assignment at all.
- Don't worry, guys,
our names will look great
at the top of that board.
- Yeah, right under
our names.
- Need I remind you, you are
training at this academy
to one day protect the Realm.
You will be our first
and last line of defense.
Not everyone's
cut out for it
and not everyone
will make it.
Good luck with
your first assignment.
- [magic whooshing]
- Your own unique spells from
the First Era of the Realm
are now on your phones.
Spell performance tests will be
held tomorrow afternoon.
- The First Era?
- Don't look at me.
- The First Era was the time
before the Realm was divided
into good witches
and bad witches.
- Oh, awesome. We have
a walking encyclopedia.
- ♪
- What are you doing?
- Old books like these are
crawling with dust mites.
- We've been studying
all night.
And none of these books
tell us how to decipher
a spell from the Early
Age of the Realm.
- The First "Era".
- Whatever it's called,
I wish they didn't use
hieroglyphics back then.
- [book slams]
- BEN: [coughing]
Guardian Andi, are we gonna get
kicked out of the Academy?
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Okay, uh, let's set down
some ground rules.
No pouting and no
bathroom assistance.
Oh, and no hugs.
I'm your Guardian,
not your nanny.
- JESSIE: [laughing]
Nanny Andi.
- And no nicknames.
- I know. Text Emma.
She the Chosen One.
I bet she can decipher
the spell.
- No, there's no need for that.
We've totally got this.
- You know the Chosen One?
- What? Know her?
Emma's my best friend.
Yeah, you know, I tried to keep
count of all the times
we've saved the Realm,
but, uh...
I just ran out of
fingers and toes.
- Yeah, right, all she does is
carry her magic book for her.
- OTHERS: [laughing]
- Wait, that's it--
The Hex.
- Hey! Aren't you
forgetting something?
- What?
- Us.
- Well, come on.
- JESSIE: [sighs]
- The Chosen One's BFF?
We should keep
an eye on her.
- BEN: What do you mean
you know someone
who knows all
the ancient spells?
- JESSIE: Hex!
- BEN: [screaming]
- Relax, it's just Hex.
- Don't tickle
him too much.
He gets all excited
and then he can't breathe.
Have you ever given
CPR to a book?
Worst paper cuts ever.
Hex, we need your help.
- ♪
- Get over here.
Hexie doesn't bite.
- Actually--Ow!
- How did you get
a magic book?
- Oh, the Hexoren
and I are homies.
- You mean you guys
live together?
- What? No. I mean...
Never mind.
Hex, we need you to
translate a spell for us.
- [magic surging]
- ♪
- Get in your practice
outfits, kids.
We have a clairvoyance
spell to learn.
- Why wouldn't you
let us see the spell?
We're supposed to do
this as a team.
- Do you know how to read
the ancient language?
I didn't think so.
- I do.
- Oh, really?
Go ahead, smarty-pants.
- It's a tele-
transportation spell.
Tricky, but do-able.
- How can you read
First Era runes?
- Our father paid my tutor
extra to teach it to me.
- Now, let's go find
a more private place
to practice our spell.
- ♪
- Jessie goes first.
- From the depth
of the Abyss,
to the edges of the Realm,
open a whirlwind
into the future,
I will not overwhelm.
- [powers zapping]
- [gale force winds blowing]
- ANDI: Oh! Ow! Jessie,
close it!
- I'm trying! I'm trying!
- Stop it! Ahhh!
- BEN: It says "window"
into the future,
not a whirlwind.
- Yeah, it's okay.
It's okay.
Just a minor
setback, but...
we're still Team Supremo.
- You mean Team So-Lame-o?
- What? Listen, preppy...
What does "Defensora Abta
Antiquare" mean?
- "We shall forever
be Guardians."
My family has provided
the Guardian
to the Chosen One
for centuries.
- Oh, yeah? Then how come
you don't know Lily, hm?
- I do. She's my cousin.
- I'm Luke.
- Andi.
So, then, I guess we both
wanna become Guardian
to the Chosen One.
- It's my destiny.
And no one will stop me
from fulfilling it.
- We'll see about that.
- Who's "we"?
Team Supremo?
- You bet. Right, kids?
- ♪
- I can't believe we got
a clairvoyance spell.
I've always wanted
to try one.
- ANDI: Okay, guys, let me find
the right page again.
- ♪
- Uh, here it is.
But, first, we need
to warm up.
- The new girl is already in
there with her goofy kids.
- It looks like they're
getting ready to practice.
- They deciphered
their spell--before us?
- That Andi is one
tough cookie.
- What if they score
higher than us
in the spell
performance test?
- Do you think
they can beat us?
- They won't be able
to beat us,
if they don't show
up for the test, right?
What? No lock. Oh!
I just wish I had
magic powers.
Like you two.
Use your magic
to lock the door.
- I'm pretty sure that's
against the rules.
- Yeah, I'm pretty sure
I don't care about the rules.
Is that gonna
be a problem?
Besides, I'm your Guardian.
I make the rules.
Now lock it.
- Andi and her Wits
will be shocked
when they find out
that this door is locked.
[powers zapping]
- So, let's do this.
One clairvoyance
spell coming up.
- Listen, when Emma first
discovered her powers,
it was very important
that she got the intention
of the spell right.
So, just clear your mind and
don't think of anything else.
Your other thoughts could
mess up your magic.
- Yeah, yeah, I know.
From the depths of the Abyss
to the edges of the Realm,
open a window,
I will not overwhelm.
[powers zapping]
- Is that the tree
in the atrium?
- Andi, can I stop?
- Yes, stop it.
Jessie, I said stop it.
- I did.
- Then why is it
still growing?
- Oh, no.
- [rattling doors]
- It's locked.
Why is it locked?
We're trapped.
What if we run
out of air?
[breathing rapidly]
- ♪
- [rattling doors]
- Guardian Andi!
- Oh, please stop
calling me that.
And relax. I got this.
Oh, that'll do.
- What are you gonna do--
jump us outta here?
- I'm getting light-headed.
- I'm gonna block
the vortex with this...
much heavier
than I thought...
trampoline, before
it gets any bigger.
- Great idea.
- Oh, wait, Jessie, no!
- ♪